Docs first pass (#2)
timescale/pgai: SECURITY.md

Reviewer: Since this project is meant to be fully open-source and publically-available, it feels strange to reference the "Timescale community" in this document.

# Security Policy

> We aim to keep Postgres AI safe for everyone. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We aim to keep pgai safe for everyone. 
```
